Add Robust Intelligence AI Firewall integration tile (#2122)
DataDog/integrations-extras: robust_intelligence_ai_firewall/README.md

# Agent Check: Robust Intelligence AI Firewall

## Overview

[Robust Intelligence’s AI Firewall][1] wraps a protective layer around your AI models. It helps:

> 1. **Block malicious inputs in real time.** Attacks on AI systems are increasing in frequency and sophistication. The nature of large language models (LLMs) make them a disproportionally high target, but all model types are at risk. AI Firewall inspects every input and automatically blocks malicious payloads before they can do damage to your model. Risks includes prompt injection, prompt extraction, and PII exfiltration.

Reviewer: We like to avoid marketing material. I think this can be shortened to explain what the product is and the value but we recommend the overview include:

1. What does your product do (in 1-2 sentences)?
2. What will customers get from this integration, and why is it valuable to them?
3. What types of data will your integration send in or pull out, and what's the value of that data?

Author: Sure, updated the overview!

This integration monitors the AI Firewall results through the Datadog Agent. It provides users with observability of their AI security issues. This includes metrics for allowed data points and blocked data points, as well as why each data point was blocked.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][3] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Robust Intelligence AI Firewall check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][2] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.

1. Run the following command to install the Agent integration:

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-robust-intelligence-ai-firewall==1.0.0
   ```

> 2. Configure your integration similar to core [integrations][3].

Author: Thanks, added some additional details in the "Configuration" section below, also added a message to refer to it for details specific to this integration

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `robust_intelligence_ai_firewall.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Robust Intelligence AI Firewall performance data.

Author: Added this change

>    datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-robust-intelligence-ai-firewall==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>

Reviewer: please include the integration version in the command the customer will run

Author: Added it

# Agent Check: Robust Intelligence AI Firewall

## Overview

The [Robust Intelligence AI Firewall][1] is a protective layer for AI models.

The AI Firewall inspects incoming user prompts to block malicious payloads, including any that attempt prompt injection, prompt extraction, or PII detection. The AI Firewall scans LLM model output to ensure it's free of false information, sensitive data, and harmful content. Responses that fall outside your organization’s standards are blocked from the application.

> This integration monitors the AI Firewall results through the Datadog Agent. It provides users with observability of their AI security issues. This includes metrics for allowed data points and blocked data points, as well as why each data point was blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration monitors the AI Firewall results through the Datadog Agent. It provides users with observability of their AI security issues including metrics for allowed data points, blocked data points, and insight on why each data point was blocked.
```

Author: Thanks, made these changes

### Installation

For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Robust Intelligence AI Firewall check on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][2] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.

1. Run the following command to install the Agent integration:

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-robust-intelligence-ai-firewall==1.0.0
   ```

2. Configure your integration similar to core [integrations][3]. Refer to the Configuration section below for steps specific to this integration.

### Configuration

1. Edit the `robust_intelligence_ai_firewall.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting your Robust Intelligence AI Firewall performance data.
    ```yaml
    init_config:

    instances:
        ## @param metrics_endpoint - string - required
        ## The URL to Robust Intelligence AI Firewall 
        ## internal metrics per loaded plugin in Prometheus
        ## format.
        #
      - openmetrics_endpoint: http://localhost:8080/metrics
    ```

>    See the [sample robust_intelligence_ai_firewall.d/conf.yaml][4] file for all available configuration options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   See the [sample robust_intelligence_ai_firewall.d/conf.yaml][4] file for all available configuration options.
   
```

> 2. To configuring the integration for AI Firewall running in a containerized environment, add the following annotation to the pods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. To configure the integration for AI Firewall running in a containerized environment, add the following annotation to pods:
```
